Let's start checking whether we are in Sign-Up mode or not we do have does is log in property which
we switch when we click that button and we actually want to send this request where we try to sign that
user up if we're not in log in mode.
So here to check if we're not in log in mode.
So if this log in is false if it's false that means we are trying to sign up.
So in this case I want to execute this request here else.
If we are in log in mode I want to try logging in for a given user.
And for that we need a different endpoint which we can get from the official docs.
We want to sign in with email and password in this case.
So it's dys you are all we need to send a request to in that case this you or else takes the same inputs
as to sign up request though.
So what we can do is we can actually move that whole code outside of the if else statement and only
change you are inside of it.
So we could have a default.
You are well off you are l which let's say is our log in your l.
Let's say that's our default use case.
So this is this you are el-Din and DHP like he is something we get from our environment variable just
as we do it for signing up.
So I'm setting up this default you are l which would lock to use in if we are not in loggin mode then
I want to set you off.
You are l to this you are l here instead.
Q The sign up Eurail.
So let's copy that code.
Then and Now we can remove the else case and always send that post request.
However you are ELAS something.
We will exchange dynamically.
We just want to use d off your l.
So this variable we're defining in the if else block or in the blog actually or with the default.
So did we always send this kind of request with this data because we always need that data but that
we send it to different view or else.
So let's try this out.
Let's go back to our application and now we should see a difference between logging in and signing up.
And we should also be able to do both.
So let's try logging in which is our default mode all enter to credentials from before hit log in and
adds looking good.
Let's switch to sign up and now we actually should get an error.
And I do because that e-mail address already exists.
If you send a new one then it works again.
So this is working.
Of course we should now store that token I was talking about so that we can use it for future requests
to protect that resources.
Let me show you what I mean in the next lecture.